Let's get married.
Xiao Cheng, are you kidding?
Six years ago, I promised you that I would come back and marry you
Now.
It's time for me to keep my promise
Would I? But it's too sudden.
Please give me some time to think about it.
Global I am willing to spend my life
Take care of you and the grass
We've been waiting for this day for a long, long time
For six years.
So it's not sudden at all
Brother Xiao, what's your style?
I'm getting married!
Really, Brother Xiao?
You didn't lie to me.
Help me choose one for you.
You're going to be my brother at the wedding
Leave this to me
I'll definitely help you choose one.
The best gift for my sister-in-law
Good
The Emerald Building has a necklace
Angel Heart
unparalleled
unique
Encounter light and happiness
Very suitable for sister-in-law
Then I take it
Also send me a brand new channel.
I heard that the boss behind the scenes of Wancheng International Trade Center
About to pay for your beloved ministry
The team holds a prosperous wedding
I want the whole world to know
My Xiao Chen's wife
The most dazzling constellation in the world